# unseen.github.io
Unseen Communicator is a distributed Peer-to-Peer network based on Retroshare, a well established encrypted communications system. Download and install the software on your desktop device and follow the simple instructions to connect with friends and your Unseen contacts.  This system solves a fundamental issue with communications; it minimizes the censorship experienced with email, phone calls and other centralized services. With the optional centralized Supernodes which are distributed data (like DNS), performance is greatly improved.  Connections are formed between you and your contacts using the TOR network of computers that facilitate nearly unblockable communications between participants. The more participants in the network, the more powerful the network becomes, as each node can relay messages for the others. You can decide your level of involvement with the network; you can be a user or run a super node to help support others. The Supernode solves two of the biggest issues with peer based networks; finding a peer can be very slow, but it’s fast when using any Supernode, you can also use the Supernode to relay your message when the other peer is not running (using store and forward, like email).  Many decentralized services are provided with the system:: forums, channels, chat, mail... Additional services such as content broadcast and delivery which can’t be censored or blocked like they are on platforms like Facebook, Twitter or Google. The system is fully decentralized, and designed to provide maximum security and anonymity to its users beyond direct friends. Unseen Communicator is entirely free and open-source software. It is available initially on Linux, MacOS and Windows. There are no hidden costs, no ads and no terms of service or privacy policy. You alone decide if you want to use it. You can stop at anytime, no one has your personal information.
